## Overview

This document outlines the governance of this project. This project is covered
by the Apache 2.0 license and is maintained by [Bench
Accounting](https://github.com/BenchLabs/).

Bench accepts contributions in the form of pull requests as outlined in the
Contribution Process below and will work with contributors to merge
contributions for inclusion within new versions of the software.

## Roles and responsibilities

### User

A user is somebody who downloads and runs the software.

### Contributor

A Contributor is somebody who contributes changes to the git repository in the
form of a Pull Request. This could be changes to the code or documentation.

### Committer

Committers have the ability to merge Pull Requests into the main branch and
will be responsible for releasing new versions of the software. Committers will
be Bench Engineers, but Bench may occasionally invite non-Bench Contributors to
also become Committers. Committers should work with Contributors to get
contributions merged into the main branch. When Committers feel contributions
are not suitable for merging, they will give appropriate feedback or work with
the Contributor to make the changes suitable. In some situations Committers may
need to reject contributions, but will clearly explain why and encourage
Contributors to continue to contribute.

## Support

Bench does not provide support for the software. It is provided as-is and Users
use it at their own risk.

## Decision making process

Committers will be the decision makers on the project, but will strive for open
dialog with Contributors and any relevant User community. When Committers are in
disagreement, then Bench Engineering Management will have final say.

## Contribution process

Contributors can make their contributions via Pull Requests which contain the
code and documentation changes they wish to add to the project. This shorter
path to contribution works best for smaller changes.

For larger changes, we recommend first discussing these changes with the
Committers. A good forum for this is filing a GitHub Issue, which can then be
referenced in a subsequent Pull Request. We suggest this, to prevent
Contributors wasting time on changes that Committers do not feel fit with the
projects direction. Also, the earlier these conversations happen the better
solutions we can jointly arrive at.
